"Test Project Alpha v.1.0" by Yim

Using is an action applying to things.
Understand "use [something]" as using.

Center is a room. "Your vision blurred as you came to. Your memory is hazy and you can't remember the last time you were awake. You look around and find yourself in what looks like a beat-down motel room."
A rug is a thing in the Center. "As you sit up, you can't help but notice that you were lying on a disgusting rug."
	The description of the rug is "A crusty, old, disgusting rug. Is there no decency for hygiene?"
	Carry out taking rug:
		say "What the...there's a bent floorboard here. I wonder if I can lift it?"
Bent floorboard is undescribed in the Center. Bent floorboard is a locked container.
	The description of the bent floorboard is "It looks like the floorboard was removed once before, and there's a gap big enough to store a tool or something. How can I get down there?"
Cleaver is a thing. Cleaver is in the bent floorboard. Cleaver unlocks Refrigerator.
	The description of the cleaver is "It's pretty dark down there so you can't really make out the cleaver."
	Carry out taking cleaver:
	say "It looks like it's in good condition, but you couldn't help but notice that there's a bit of dried blood on its edge... Don't think about it."
	
A tape recorder is a switched off device in the Center. "You notice a tape recorder next to you. Odd. Maybe you should switch it on and find out if there's anything useful on it?"
	Carry out switching on:
	say "The tape plays and a heavily altered and ominous voice plays.[line break]'Hey, so you're not supposed to hear this, but you've been...abducted...to play this so-called 'game'. I know, I know. It's pretty fucked up, you know, without your consent and whatnot.  Speaking of which, you will need to get out of there as fast as you can. If you don't, you'll either be stuck there or die. Look around the room, search for clues, find whatever means necessary to leave this place.[line break]To the northwest is the Kitchen.[line break]To the west is the Living Area.[line break]To the south is the Bathroom.[line break]To the east is the Rest Area.[line break]And to the north is the Exit.[line break]However, be careful with what you do. Committing certain actions without thinking about the consequences may jeopardize your chance of beating this game. I wish you luck.'[line break]The tape ends."



The Kitchen is northwest of Center. The Kitchen is north of the Living Area. The Kitchen is west of the Exit. "The Kitchen reeks of something putrid. You cannot make out what the smell is or where it is coming from."
Sink is fixed in place in the Kitchen. Sink is a supporter.
	The description of the sink is "The sink may be incapable of running water, but there's a butter knife in it."
	Instead of examining sink:
		say "There's a butter knife in the sink.";
		Now the butter knife is on the sink.
Butter knife is a thing. Butter knife unlocks bent floorboard.
	The description of the butter knife is "It's a dull butter knife. It's still sturdy and surprisingly not rusty. But it's pretty much incapable of stabbing anything."
Countertop is fixed in place in the Kitchen. Countertop is a supporter.
	The description of the countertop is "There's nothing on the countertop. Shocker."
Stove is fixed in place in the Kitchen.
	The description of the stove is "It's an electric stove, but it doesn't seem to be working. No, trust me, you can't fix it."
Oven is fixed in place in the Kitchen. Oven is an openable container in the Kitchen.
	The description of the oven is "It's a broken oven. What else do you want to know?"
	Carry out opening oven:
		say "There is a large red and brown bag on the shelf, and the stench coming from it was putrid. Old, moldy food? Whatever it is, it is not pleasant."
Large bag is a thing and an openable container in the oven.
	The description of the large bag is "It is a red and brown bag. You can't see what's inside it, but there's a horrid odor coming from it. How long did it have to be in here for it to get that rotten? It also looks like there are large ox tails in it."
	Carry out opening large bag:
		say "NOPE! Holy shit! There is an arm and a leg in the bag! Holy shit! Holy shit! The inside of the bag is also covered in chunky brown blobs of blood! What the actual hell?!"
Dismembered arm is a thing inside the large bag.
	The description of the dismembered arm is "There's a note attached to one of the fingers. It reads, 'For the purpose of this demonstration, present this and two other keys to the exit. Only then can you escape."
	Carry out taking dismembered arm:
		say "It looks like it has been sliced off. The cut is also pretty clean..."
	Understand "arm" as dismembered arm.
Dismembered leg is a thing inside the large bag.
	The description of the dismembered leg is "There's a note attached to one of the toes. It reads, 'For the purpose of this demonstration, present this and two other keys to the exit. Only then can you escape."
	Carry out taking dismembered leg:
		say "It looks like it has been sliced off. Other than the clean cut, it was pretty muscular..."
	Understand "leg" as dismembered leg.
Kitchen cabinets are fixed in place. Kitchen cabinets are openable containers in the Kitchen.
Refrigerator is fixed in place in the Kitchen. Refrigerator is an locked openable container in the Kitchen. "You can sense the smell coming from the refrigerator. You struggle to open the fridge, but it's being held together by a thick red and brown gel. The gel resembles blood, but you can't be sure. You also take a whiff of an odor leaking from the small opening and it...is...horrible. Rotten food, maybe?"
	The description of the refrigerator is "It's a plain white refrigerator with red and brown splashes all over it. You have no idea what it is, but you don't want to catch something, do you?"
	Carry out opening refrigerator:
		say "HOLY SHIT THERE IS A DECAPITATED HEAD IN HERE! HOLY ****** SHIT! WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?!"
	Understand "fridge" as refrigerator.
Decapitated head is a thing. Decapitated head is in the refrigerator.
	The description of the decapitated head is "There's a note attached to one of the head's tooth. It reads, 'For the purpose of this demonstration, present this and two other keys to the exit. Only then can you escape.'"
	Carry out taking decapitated head:
		say "It's a hairless head of a...well the skin is so burnt you can't even make out who it possibly could've been."
	Understand "head" as decapitated head.

The Living Area is west of Center. "The Living Area does not look too fancy. Everything looks old and dirty. I mean...what else are you looking for."
Ripped-up couch is a container.
	The description of the ripped-up couch is "Looks like this hasn't been used for years. I recommend not sitting on it."
Remote is a device and in the couch.
Moldy wooden table is a supporter.
	The description of the moldy wooden table is "It's a wooden table with mold. I don't understand, what else do you want?"
Box TV is thing in the Living Area.
	The description of the TV is "It's an old box TV with antennaes. It has been a long time since you've seen one of those. Then again, everything in this room is pretty ancient. You press the power button, but it doesn't seem to work. You check the plug and it's plugged in. No electricity, maybe?"

The Bathroom is south of the Center. "The Bathroom is dirty and mold everywhere."
Dirty sink is fixed in place in the Bathroom. Dirty sink is a thing.
	The description of the dirty sink is "It completely covered in some disgusting red and brown substance. You don't want to know what it is."
Mirror is fixed in place in the Bathroom. Mirror is a thing.
	The description of the mirror is "What are you looking at?"
Toilet is fixed in place in the Bathroom. Toilet is a thing.
	The description of the toilet is "It's filled with bile and what looks to be like feces. It also reeks of something very...very awful. Let's...let's leave this alone."
Bathtub is fixed in place in the Bathroom. Bathtub is a thing.
	The description of the bathtub is "It's filled with red liquid. Is that...? Is that blood? Let's...let's leave this alone."


The Rest Area is east of the Center. "The Rest Area no longer suits its purpose. There is a bed with torn sheets and no blanket, a cracked wooden desk with no chair, and a dusty closet to the east."
Torn bed is fixed in place. Torn bed is a supporter.
Cracked wooden desk is fixed in place. Cracked wooden desk is a supporter.

Closet is a room. Closet is east of Rest Area. "It's a regular closet, but there aren't any clothes. Just...nothing but dust. Yeah. That's it.[line break]Seriously. It's a closet."

The Exit is north of the Center. The Exit is east of the Kitchen. "The Exit...is it the way out?"
The metal slab is a locked door in the Exit. The metal slab is north of the Exit. South of Freedom is a metal slab.

Freedom is a room. "Congratulations! You've gotten out...for now. But you'll be back."


doors are always locked.
containers are always closed. 

Instead of using butter knife:
	If the player is in the Center:
		If the bent floorboard is locked:
			say "You place the end of the butter knife underneath the floorboard and pushed down on the opposite end. The floorboard bends upwards and soon enough, it pries open. Hidden under the shadows is what looks like a meat cleaver.";
			now bent floorboard is unlocked;
		otherwise:
			say "You cannot use the butter knife here.";
	otherwise:
		say "You cannot use the butter knife here.";

Instead of using decapitated head:
	If the player is in the Exit:
		If the metal slab is locked:
			say "You present the decapitated head to the door.";
			now metal slab is unlocked;
		otherwise:
			say "You cannot use the decapitated head here.";
	otherwise:
		say "You cannot use the decapitated head here.";

Instead of using cleaver:
	If the player is in the Kitchen:
		If the refrigerator is locked:
			say "You saw through the enigmatic gel with the cleaver, blood dripping everywhere, but at least you got it open. The smell is even stronger now, so you cover your nose as you look further into the fridge.";
			now refrigerator is unlocked;
		otherwise:
			say "You cannot use the cleaver here";
	otherwise:
		say "You cannot use the cleaver here.";
